feat: data synced and mapping synced (#1496)
loopmediagroup/es-alchemy: README.md

- `mapping.list()` - Lists all mappings currently in Elasticsearch
- `mapping.prune(index: String)` - Removes index versions from Elasticsearch that are not tracked (unknown)
- `mapping.sync(index: String)` - Creates tracked (known) indices in Elasticsearch when missing

> - `mapping.synced(index: String)` - returns true if local and remote versions are the same

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `mapping.synced(index: String)` - returns true if every local versions exists remotely
```

- `mapping.recreate(name: String)` - recreate mapping on Elasticsearch (deletes _all_ versions and recreates current version)
- `data.count(name: String)` - get number of indexed elements from alias
- `data.exists(index: String, id: String)` - check if document exists in alias
- `data.query(name: String, filter: Object, options: Object)` - query for data in Elasticsearch against alias. Returns raw result body from elasticsearch.
- `data.refresh(name: String)` - refresh Elasticsearch index, useful e.g. when testing (all versions)
- `data.signature(index: String, id: String)` - get signature as `${_seq_no')}_${_primary_term}` in alias for document or null if document does not exist
- `data.stats()` - returns all the statistics for the nodes in a cluster like: indices, cpu usage and other meta

> - `data.synced(index: String)` - returns true if all remote index versions have the same document count 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `data.synced(index: String)` - returns true if all local index version exists on remote and have the same document count 
```

- `data.update(name: String, options: Object)` - update or delete documents in Elasticsearch (all index versions)

> - `data.version(index: String, id: String)` - get version number in alias for document or null if document does not exist

Author: These were just not consistent.
